Previously on Homeland...
KORZENIK: Look at her.
She's getting rich out of this.
Why not us?
Information's for
free.
KORZENIK: I have a business
opportunity for you.
Something for sale.
Documents. Top secret.
American.
I'll vet them and get them
out just like last time.
How can I reach you?
You can't.
(computer whooshes)
(silly laughter on computer)
You little
fucker.
We're old friends, Saul,
so you should know something.
My government will
actively
oppose
any plans for regime change
in Damascus.
We're out of the business
of overthrowing
Arab dictators, Etai.
We have a green light.
How detailed
is their intelligence?
They know Assad
is
in the
crosshairs.
They know we have a likely
candidate to replace him.
It was the CIA woman.
She was the target.
Someone wants you dead.
CARRIE:
I don't know if I can put her
on that plane tomorrow.
JONAS:
Why not go with her?
CARRIE: If I do that, she's
no safer than she is here.
You'll get no support,
you'll be out of the agency.
No contact from today.
All you'll get is that key,
your next target in the box,
and operating money
waiting there
when you bring back
proof of death.
CARRIE:
We have to go.
We have to go right now.
They're already on their way.
Who is?
I am saying that
whoever is trying
to kill me is coming here.
JONAS:
Carrie?!
Goddamn it! Where are you?!
(groans)
(whimpering)
(woman speaking German)
CARRIE: Christ, I really thought
I left all this behind.
MALE REPORTER: The Islamic State
ISIS proclaimed itself
to be a worldwide caliphate
with authority over...
...redraw the map
in the Middle East.
FEMALE REPORTER:
The soldiers are hackers,
the battlefield is online,
and it's not a matter of...
Edward Snowden is a coward.
...extremely disappointed
that the Russian government
would take this step.
LAURA: It's against the law,
it's against the fucking law.
CARRIE: All that suffering,
and nothing changes.
CROCKER:
Is our strategy working?
(woman speaking German)
(man speaking foreign language)
SAUL:
I actually convinced myself
we were gonna change the world.
QUINN:
Carrie will never be free.
CARRIE: Spend my life on
the run, give up my daughter?
JONAS: I don't know how
you live with yourself.
AL-AMIN:
I will fight you forever.
CARRIE:
Who's after me?
JONAS: So many people,
so much blood on your hands.
(people singing in Hebrew)
We eat maror, the bitter
herb,
to remind us
of the bitterness of slavery
our ancestors
endured in Egypt.
And for us,
my family, my friends,
celebrating this Seder
in Germany--
it is important
to remember the slavery
we endured
under a tyrant worse
than Pharaoh
only 70 years ago
in this land.
On the streets
where we walk
every day,
our parents and our grandparents
wore yellow
stars.
Let's take a moment
to remember.
And let's
remember the enemies we still
have all over the world
who wish to destroy us.
We pray for the strength
to defeat them.
(panting)
(buzzing)
Quinn.
Oh, thank God.
(panting)
Quinn?
Quinn, untie me.
Quinn, what the fuck
is going on?
Your name's on a kill list.
I-I know.
I-I can't figure it out.
Well, you must have done
something.
Pissed off somebody,
crossed a line somewhere.
Quinn, Quinn, Quinn, no.
Don't move,
Carrie.
Please.
Please! Please! Please!
Stop moving, Carrie.
No
(panting)
(whimpering)
I-I didn't do
anything.
I have no idea where
this is coming from.
I swear, no matter what
Dar Adal said, I did not...
Not him.
Saul.
Saul put your
name on the list.
Saul?
Close your eyes.
I don't believe it.
Believe
it.
Now play fucking dead.
All right.
(beeping, click)
Hurry up.
We got shit to do.
What exactly?
Your fallback plan--
time to execute it.
What if I
don't have
one?
(laughs)
Could be true.
Cut the crap, Carrie.
It's time to disappear and fast.
This picture buys you time.
As long as you keep your head
down, they won't come after you.
So, your operation with
Saul--
how does it work?
Doesn't matter.
Tell me.
Saul provides a name,
I provide proof of death,
return to the drop,
get another name.
And the last time you went
to the drop, you got my name?
Told you that already.
Why?
I don't know.
I don't want to know.
But I didn't do anything!
Listen to me, Carrie.
Your name was in the box, okay?
Probably for something
you're not even aware of.
Now, I know that's hard to hear.
I have to talk to Saul.
For all you know,
he was given a direct order.
What's your
point?
Somebody, somewhere, likely
very senior, wants you dead.
If they think
you're not dead,
they're gonna send somebody
to finish the job.
You got to disappear.
ETAI:
You assured me
that there was no plot
to overthrow Bashar al-Assad.
There isn't.
Saul.
You honor me with your presence
at my Seder
table,
so, I'll play along.
(chuckles)
If you had a plan
to replace Assad,
we understand that it would
be
with General Youssef.
SAUL:
Youssef would be
a good choice.
If we had a plan like that.
He's Alawite,
Assad's cousin by marriage.
He's popular with the military.
Well, some say he was behind
the chemical weapons attack
in Khan al-Asal.
Those allegations
have never been confirmed.
Let's play another game.
What's the alternative?
Leave Assad in place?
When Arabs are killing Arabs,
at least they're not
firing rockets at Israel.
That's hardly
a long-term strategy
for peace
in the Middle East.
You really think any
of those murderers want
peace?
You used to be
a good friend to Israel.
I'm still a good friend.
You used to be a better one.
ALLISON:
Etai?
I've enjoyed
this evening so much.
Well, I'm glad you
could share it with
us.
So, dessert.
Mm.
We need to leave
in 15 minutes.
Is everything
all right?
It will
be.
(line ringing)
Hi. This is Carrie Mathison.
Leave a message
and I'll call you back.
(sighs)
You're back.
Ah, catching up.
And Carrie?
Still trying to figure out who
was responsible for the attack.
I was helping her, but...
we decided I was
needed here.
Otto should fire her ass.
She saved his life.
She didn't do her job.
Which was to make sure he was
safe in the first place.
She advised him not to go.
Do you need something?
My source for the documents
screwed me.
He gave me an empty flash drive.
Why?
I don't know why.
Maybe he's
afraid.
The CIA is still following
me.
Okay, what can I do?
You had a client, that
hacker,
Sabine something.
She won't help you, and as
her
lawyer, I'd advise her not
to.
Jonas, she's famous.
If she reaches out to my guy,
he'll respond.
She's
under
house arrest
for three years. The government
really went after her.
Give her a break, Laura.
A break?
Yeah.
The government's
after all of us!
Everything all right?
Fine.
I'm asking Jonas to help me
track down my source
so we can get a look
at the rest of those documents.
Of course, help her.
It's important.
What's the
problem?
No problem. I'll
make the call.
Sooner the better.
(phone ringing)
Hello?
Anything?
No. I drove up
to the
cottage.
She wasn't there.
Everything gone, no trace.
We should call
the police.
Of course we should,
but we can't.
She said it would put
her in more
danger.
She has to figure it out
on
her own to get to the truth.
(sighs)
I mean, who lives like this?
She does.
I know you're worried.
So am I.
QUINN:
Ready?
(beep)
Franny.
You're named
after your grandfather,
Frank Mathison.
Did you know
that?
We haven't seen each other
for a while.
I had to leave you,
and you're probably
really angry about that.
And I don't blame you.
But, honey, something happened,
and it wasn't safe for me
to be with you.
But I am doing everything
that I can to get...
What are you doing?
(beep)
If you're doing
everything you
can
to get back to her,
then you're still alive.
So?
So, if this falls
into the wrong hands,
you're fucked.
I'm not going away forever.
Just until
this situation is resolved.
How is it getting
resolved?
I'm gonna figure out
who targeted me...
Then they'll keep
come looking for you.
And I will fix it!
And if they think
you're still
alive,
they will get to you
through
Franny.
But...
Carrie
If you want Franny to be
safe, you have to be dead.
Jesus.
How did you feel
when you had to leave your kid?
Not everyone's
fit
to be a parent.
Let's do this.
(beep)
Franny.
Maybe now...
you're using "Frances."
We haven't seen each other
in a long time.
I had to leave you, and...
you probably hate me for it.
And I don't blame you.
But something happened,
and...
it wasn't safe
for me to be with you.
I'm doing ev...
(sighing):
Shit.
I did everything that I could
to get back to you.
But I-I didn't make it.
The kind of work
that I did...
it's dangerous.
But I believed in it, so I
was
willing to take that risk.
But...
But then you came along.
(voice breaking):
And I realized that I wanted
something different.
I wanted... a better life.
And I had it with you
for a while.
But...
I didn't abandon you.
I know what that feels like,
and I would never
do that to you.
You...
are the most important,
the...
the best thing
that I have ever done.
You make up for every mistake
that I've ever made.
And although you probably
don't believe it...
I love you...
very, very much.
(doorbell buzzes)
Was?
I'm looking for Sabine.
There's no Sabine here.
I have a meeting with her.
It was arranged through
her lawyer, Jonas Hollander.
Is that so?
I'm not leaving
until I see Sabine.
Sabine's under
house arrest.
But the BND keeps
sniffing around,
trying to find something
to use against her.
To send her to prison.
Put your phone in here.
It blocks the signal.
I already took out
the SIM card.
Put your phone
in the bag or get out.
She's looking for Sabine.
Are you Sabine?
What's going on?
I'm Sabine.
What was
that about?
I have to be careful. Sorry.
We know your work.
Amazing
(speaks German)
Sabine's not allowed
to communicate with journalists.
It's a condition
of her house arrest.
SABINE
She's one of us.
She exposed
the
CIA and the BND.
You kicked
their asses.
There's more
where that came from.
What do you mean?
More documents.
No shit.
The problem is,
the guy who hacked the
documents-- I can't find him.
Gabe H. Coud.
Who?
What he calls himself online.
It's "douche bag"
backwards.
You know him?
Of him. He's famous.
Dude hacked the CIA.
You can help me find him?
I can find
anyone.
WOMAN:
If you start looking
for Gabe H. Coud,
you'll attract the attention
from the wrong people.
This is like something
from the Stasi days.
You guys are afraid
to ask for information?
The BND would
love
to throw my ass into prison.
Let them try.
I'll make their lives
a living hell.
Sabine will be taking the risk,
not you.
I'm facing arrest, too.
and extradition.
I'm a person of interest.
Do you know what that means?
It means you're not scared.
It means I try not to be.
(speaks
Arabic)
(light German accent):
General Youssef?
Yes
Mrs. Youssef?
I'm Denise
Keller,
director of the Seeufer Clinic.
The arrangements
were made
through Dr. Droz.
He's waiting
at the clinic.
Hassan.
(speaks Arabic)
My wife would like to
travel with our daughter.
Of course.
Will you help Mrs. Youssef
into the ambulance?
Certainly.
Come with me, please.
Stay with the plane.
We stay with you, sir.
This way, please.
Your family will have complete
privacy while you're here.
There are no
other
patients.
The donor?
He arrived safely and
meets
all the medical requirements.
You are not Swiss.
Your accent.
You have a good ear.
I'm from Berlin.
Your daughter will be fine.
I promise.
(indistinct conversation)
This is your surgeon,
Dr. Droz.
Yes, uh, we've
spoken on the phone.
Everything is in order.
Good.
For the kidney donor,
as well.
I'll go
prepare.
Do you want
to spend a moment with Amena
before they take her in?
Yes, please.
(speaking Arabic)
My assistant will show you
to the waiting lounge.
If there's
anything you need,
anything at all,
don't hesitate to ask.
Thank you.
So what do you make of him?
What is he?
Not a talker.
Proud.
E-Exactly what you'd expect.
Used to giving orders
and having them obeyed,
but
his officers
seem to be in charge here.
And he
resents that.
Assad must
believe
he's a flight risk.
You think we have enough on him?
The war crimes.
His daughter's life
in the balance.
The precarious state
of his country.
We got a hand of aces.
You think he'll burn?
You know how it is, Saul.
Some of these
guys
get all
patriotic.
At least the intelligence
is correct--
he smokes.
Good.
I might have one with him.
Offer him one of yours.
His are Syrian.
I think he'd appreciate
an upgrade.
(chuckles)
I will.
I should get going.
Yeah.
QUINN:
You moved to Berlin.
Got a new job, new guy.
And still kept
your fallback
plan in place.
So?
So I guess you weren't sure your
new life was gonna work out.
I found a good life here.
I was happy.
Where have you been?
Syria.
Quinn, the last two years,
everywhere I
went,
I looked for you.
I tried
to find you.
I never stopped
thinking about you.
Doesn't matter now.
Well...
...how do I look?
Like somebody else.
Did you ever see
Saul use the drop?
Carrie, come on.
I need to know.
Yeah, I saw him
the
first time we set it up.
Not since?
I'm deniable. No
contact
authorized.
We have to move.
So you don't know
for certain
it was Saul
who put my name in the box.
Christ.
Do you or don't you?
It's Saul's operation.
That's all I
need to know.
It doesn't make sense.
I mean, maybe Saul changed.
Maybe I pissed him off.
But Saul's smart.
Sending you to kill me
is not smart.
It's fucking stupid.
The fact that
I'm still alive proves it.
You're still a target
either way you look at it.
Quinn, if Saul didn't
put my name in the box,
then someone's
inside your operation.
Any name you get after this,
it's not legitimate.
Let's test it.
Take me to your drop.
No, I'll handle
it.
I'll go with you.
Get in the
car.
We're taking you
to the train.
No.
Carrie
You are telling me
that someone I trust more
than I've ever trusted
anyone is trying to kill me.
And I'm just supposed to accept
that, no questions asked?
Spend my life on the run,
give up my daughter?
Quinn, I have to know.
Right this way, General.
Come in.
There are some forms
you need to sign.
There shouldn't be any forms.
(American
accent):
Please sit.
What is happening here?
I'm CIA.
Everyone in this facility
is CIA.
Except for the
surgical
team, of course.
You've traveled to Geneva
in violation
of international sanctions.
You have no rights here,
no immunity.
We can arrest you and have
you transported to the Hague
to stand trial
for war
crimes.
How dare you?
Keep looking at the form.
There is an alternative.
Unfortunately, we don't have
time to discuss it
now.
Wait until lunch
is served.
Say you want a smoke.
Go for a walk in the garden.
Go alone.
Now sign the
form.
Thank you,
General.
You'll probably want to get back
to your wife now.
(sighs)
Found him.
We're on.
Ask him why he gave me
that bullshit empty drive.
He says he gave you
the documents.
The drive was empty.
Empty?
Fucking Korzenik.
He says that his friend
must've screwed with the drive.
Friend?
How many people
know about this?
Korzenik.
You asshole.
What did you do
to those documents?
Call me back.
(indistinct conversations)
Where's Korzenik?
Go away. I'm working here.
I need to talk
to your idiot boyfriend.
He won't answer my calls.
Get out.
Hey
Call him.
Call him and I'll leave.
I'll be right back, baby.
You piece of
shit.
Korzy?
What...
what did you do
with those documents?
Relax. We're going to be
rich.
You sold them?
You were going
to give them
away.
In the name of freedom.
You know what gives you freedom?
Money.
My Russian friend paid big.
Russians?
They sent a car.
Don't worry.
I'm going to cut you in.
Even though
you don't deserve it.
You don't know
what you are doing.
I'm not stupid.
You idiot.
Get out of the car.
Korzy...
Kommen.
Mr. Korzenik.
Come in.
Where's Boris?
Boris is not here.
You'll be dealing with me.
Please,
sit down.
This is my, uh,
colleague, Valentin.
Valentin, say hello.
Mm.
Ivan.
Very nice to meet you.
So,
you have something
for me.
I want my
money first.
Of course.
Sorry.
Okay?
Yeah.
Okay.
Now I need something
from you.
Excellent.
We will check it.
To business, Mr. Korzenik.
To business.
This is the only copy,
right?
Of
course.
You sure?
Not gonna trick me or something?
It's the only
copy. I promise.
Good.
So, I go now.
Sit.
Please.
You know...
(clears throat)
one of my ambitions in life
is to be a trusting person.
I think it's an admirable
quality, you know, trust.
People who are
the opposite,
who are... What's the word
in English I
mean?
Suspicious?
Cynical.
That's not a pleasant life.
So, you see,
I want to trust you,
Mr. Korzenik.
Unfortunately,
I am cynical.
So peaceful.
Don't you think?
I'm going to smoke.
Will you check on Amena?
Of course.
What, you don't trust
me to have a
smoke?
What do
you
think I'll do?
Swim across the lake while
my daughter is in surgery?
Enjoy your lunch.
(birds chirping)
General Youssef.
Saul Berenson. I'm flattered.
Please, have a seat.
We don't have
much time.
Care for one?
General, you and I
both
know the crisis in Syria
is getting worse every
day.
You wish me to believe you
are concerned for my country?
Our argument
is
with your president,
not with the Syrian
people.
The Islamic State is
preparing a major
offensive
agains
the
regime.
So?
They control half of
all Syrian territory.
Your regular
army's been
reduced
through casualties
and
desertions.
Tell me something I don't know.
Let's talk
frankly, General.
You will lose
the war.
When Damascus
falls,
every Alawi in the country,
including you and your
family,
will be slaughtered.
I know you
love
your country.
You don't know anything
about me.
I know you're an able commander.
You have a loyal following
among the high-ranking officers.
We believe they will support you
to lead your country.
To lead my...
When you replace Assad.
(chuckling)
This is your solution for Syria?
It's the best one on the table.
Half of the government ministers
are Bashir's family.
All loyal.
How do I deal with them?
At this
moment,
we're loading $10
million onto your jet.
That money will buy
you
a great deal of influence.
Bashir has money to bribe, too.
But you,
as Syria's new president--
promising free elections,
democratic reforms--
you'll have the support
of the United States.
This support,
it includes troops and weapons?
We will do what it takes
to unite the country
around your government.
But we
must
act quickly.
Before your
enemies
gain more
strength.
You are wrong.
The world recognizes
the real danger in Syria,
the so-called Islamic State.
As they
get stronger,
Bashir no longer looks so evil.
The world will come around.
They will support us
against Daesh.
If Assad stays in power,
he'll have to answer
for his
crimes.
What crimes?
Barrel bombs.
Chemical weapons.
Bullshit. Lies.
We've seen the
bodies in Ghouta.
Assad's already told the
world
it was his commanders
who fired the weapons.
Think he'll hesitate
to
hand you over to the ICC?
He will not accuse me.
I am not personally responsible
for any of that.
Well, I believe you. I also
believe Assad has
demonstrated
he will do anything,
he will say anything
to keep his grip on power.
General, we're out of
time.
(sighs)
I know you're a patriot.
Your people have suffered
so much already.
Show them the way forward.
Lead 'em into the light.
(sighs)
(Katja crying)
(crying)
(speaking Russian)
(speaks Russian)
They found it?
Yes. We're good.
Thank you.
There is just
that one copy. I swear.
I only kept it...
(choking)
(indistinct chatter)
Korzy?
(speaks German)
(indistinct chatter)
QUINN:
I go in, I drop it off,
I get the next name on the list.
Then we wait for someone
to pick it up?
We wait for Saul
to pick it up.
And when he shows
up, we leave.
And you get as far away
from here as possible.
Agreed?
Agreed.
Slide over.
We may have to move fast.
(key jangles)
(phone chimes)
(starts engine)
Oh.
(speaks
German)
(sighs)
(school bell ringing)
(indistinct chatter)
(tires screech)
(grunts)
(woman screams)
(screaming, shouting)
(groans)
I should take you
to a hospital.
No, I'm okay.
You are not okay.
We should pull over.
No. Be coming back to get
him.
Who was that?
Whoever wants you dead
wants me dead.
(groans)
We have to get
you
to the train station.
No.
Your photo's
in the drop.
You'll have your cover.
You can go.
I am not leaving you.
I'm not.
(panting)
(groans loudly)
(groans)
Check the back.
(groaning)
There's
an exit wound.
Good. It went through.
Could've hit an artery.
I'd have bled out by now.
We need to get
some morphine into you.
There's a medical kit
on the bench.
Okay.
(groaning)
(panting)
(pants, whimpers)
Quinn, you with me?
All right.
(panting)
Turn over.
All right,
I'm gonna muscle it.
(groans)
We need to put
some
pressure on these wounds.
(groans
loudly)
All right.
Hold on. Sit up.
(groans)
(panting)
Hang on, Quinn.
(indistinct chatter)
My colleague asked me
to give you these.
I have a request.
What is it?
I'd like my wife and
daughter to remain behind.
To live in Europe
until the conflict
in my country
is resolved.
I admire your concern
for your family.
But I can't
allow it.
Returning to Syria without them
would raise a red flag.
How do you know I'll do this?
I have your
money.
When I get home,
I could just do nothing.
Yes. You could.
But we're betting
you're smarter than that.
He asked if his family
could stay
behind.
That's a good sign.
Yeah?
Yeah.
It means he knows
he's fucked.
It means
he might just cooperate.
There's only one number
in the memory.
Call it.
(beep)
(phone ringing)
(speaking Russian)
(explosion booms)
Oh, my God.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH